Mr. Lu
Oh, Mr. Lu
Do you know what the Wang family has been doing lately?
Come on. What are they doing?
It is said that he wants to come and have a big fight in front of us
Hahaha hey
I just mentioned it casually
This house is so sexy
Hahahaha
bastard
That kid didn't use his brain to think about it
Just based on your relationship with him
How could you possibly tell him how to make money?
What's it called?
self-care
Oh, this family is hard to fall for.
Hey, by the way, Mr. Ye?
When are you going to get married?
At that time, our family will definitely transfer a large portion to you.
You're welcome.
But just come
Then again
I really have something to ask you
Although Mr. Ye ordered
I will do it
I want to give this Jiang Xue when I get married.
Buy some jewelry, jewelry or something
I don't know where to buy it.
What a coincidence!
There will be a meeting at Huahai Building tomorrow.
Jewelry auction
Huahai Building
Jewelry Auction
Mr. Ye, do you know that too?
Know
Ye Fan
Hey, do you think this Huahai Building is stupid?
He actually put the Queen of Tabritin worth hundreds of millions
Love that jewelry
Just the heart of the ocean, he regarded it as a blue crystal
700,000 sold it
How nice would it be if you said it was cheap and let me pick it up?
So this auction will save me a place
OK.